at least she's completely wrong
the rope from the country
little things that does not leave us
now hold the rope in his speech he's long been all
ranges
and fx who played too short
how do you judge the tunnel
michel granger the accordion europe 1 which revealed the limits of our friends
israel
firefighters have come out of jail after all the work of a company of
political theater and so power
for shows
jérôme out of granted years I had forgotten everything that play but I
have not forgotten so far been the fingers just about everything
so I started to confess that I started playing things that there
had things that did not interest me
to say that I have more than ever while the kids
end clap meanwhile a discovery
the four editorial teams
I pulled fraud corruption but it's good and I like it
this gift that will emerge during the research started to play as
it
among them were agree and expressions like what the rope
Bravo
ah yes csn source
it was unexpected was right
insults
of course of course where to let life rot
it's the gift of the street
it's the duck
but then we have a low point
November 30
as regards the market agenda
in hat 3
today
not great but that's the name of this storm
three accessits
it is necessary for his passes it is 10 o'clock in the morning
between 5 o'clock in the afternoon
sarr cheyen little on the legs to know
it allows me to be allowed to do my market is closed
but it's a pretty good life to make music on the street or
make shows in the street
but whether it works or not it's a pretty nice city in the
downtown these pretty girls
and the world
a lot of luck to stay for some time to do shows
merchants are respected
I have never had any problem with traders
I was engaged by downstream businesses
rather positive so people will be happy to
to hear music in order to have ideas
live performance music though
we will end up paying income
I think we will eventually come back even if Deschamps prefers to stay at home
them or their loved ones of the points we will end up coming back precisely because
read
to note the most remote 28%
all political parties
people they all went home but they were already 300 channels and
more and more sure
it's not really interesting so I think you have
I think we could see more and more fresh